Azure Container Instances - closes #511 (#512)
bob-crutchley/courseware: topics/azure/README.md

# Microsoft Azure

<!--TOC_START-->
## Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Modules](#modules)

<!--TOC_END-->
## Overview

Microsoft Azure is a cloud computing service created by Microsoft for building, testing, deploying, and managing applications and services through Microsoft-managed data centers. 

> It provides software as a service (SaaS), platform as a service (PaaS) and infrastructure as a service (IaaS) and supports many different programming languages, tools and frameworks, including both Microsoft-specific and third-party software and systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides **S**oftware as a **s**ervice (**SaaS**), **P**latform as a **S**ervice (**PaaS**) and **I**nfrastructure as a **S**ervice (IaaS) and supports many different programming languages, tools and frameworks, including both Microsoft-specific and third-party software and systems.
```
